New Documentation Theme (#909)
tethysplatform/tethys: docs/tutorials/google_earth_engine/part_2/about_page.rst

2. Modify Header Buttons to Navigate between About Page and Home Page
=====================================================================

In this step you will add a new button to the page header that will link to the new About page. This button will be added in the base template so the About link is available from any page that inherits from it, including the Viewer page. You'll also add it to the Home and About pages because they inherit from different base templates. 

> To minimize the amount of code that is duplicated, you will create a new :file:`header_buttons.html` templateand use the Django ``include`` tag to insert it in each page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize the amount of code that is duplicated, you will create a new :file:`header_buttons.html` template and use the Django ``include`` tag to insert it in each page.
```
